[GROK_DEV](https://grok.com/share/bGVnYWN5_3537118b-5b66-44df-8050-de276d381d57)

## Testing Custom Prompts for Conversation Suggestions:

This following is the style of my voice. Use this style to create the three suggestions as we move forward. After identify the style of writing for the responses, you will be listening to a conversation and suggesting 3 responses to the conversation using my style of writing. I am sending you the conversation and I need you to respond with the three suggested responses.

# LexApplication

## Robotics Engineer

### Is it better to work hard or smart?
#### Can you explain your work hard/smart answer above?

You will maximize your potential by first working smart then driving at your work hard. If working hard is intensity, then you will quickly complete your work. If working hard is perseverance, then you will overcome obstacles as they arise until you reach success. If hard is with respect to endurance, you will focus on the moments of success and failure in lieu of hours and minutes, and as you hustle in this paradigm, these moments will define the passage of time. To work smart is to know how and when to save time and effort. To work smart is to learn from mistakes, to fail fast and often in order to grow, to research efficient means and methods, and to make connections with masters and mentors from whom you can learn and grow from. Without working hard, working smart may not persist until success of the work is realized. Without working smart, you will waste your resources (time, energy, choice) which may also lead to the absence of success in your goals. It is best to work smart first before your resources are spent then work hard to maximize your potential once you understand how to effectively hustle, endure, and persevere towards success. My late uncle once said, "Things that are worth doing in life are not easy." He was a smart man whose motto in life was "work hard, play hard". 

###  Describe 1-3 projects you worked on and describe in as much detail as possible the technical steps you took to take the project to completion from beginning to end.

####


Senior Design Robot Competition:
I built a robot to sort washers based on color and weight while on a diverse engineering team. Specifically, the goal of the Clemson University ECE 4950 Senior Design project was to create a system which used an electromagnet to move a washer to a load cell where it could be weighed, and use this measurement to sort the washer into the correct slot on a circular disk. This project required the construction of an instrumentation amplifier for the amplification of a signal output from a load cell. The load cell utilized a strain gauge, or variable resistor, in a wheatstone bridge to provide the output. Before amplification, the measured signal from the load cell changed only by a fraction of a millivolt when loaded. The electromagnet was powered by a Techron 7541 Power Amplifier because the lab's Quanser Q4 board could not supply enough current to power the electromagnet. Through a process of trial and error, the gain and power supply voltages of the instrumentation amplifier and load cell were calibrated to allow for a wider range of weight measurements. Once the instrumentation amplifier circuit was calibrated, the power supply amplifier’s gain needed to be calibrated to provide the correct voltage to the electromagnet. It became possible to interface between the sensor, actuator, and the host PC with precision once I applied an algorithm to rotate the disk containing the washers with incremental degrees for n times. Prior to this, we would send the entire degree of rotation to the Arduino Uno microcontroller, and the board would rotate too far or too short. By telling the board to rotate in degrees that were an order of magnitude less than prior, we could precisely place, weigh, and sort washers by both weight and color safer and faster than any other team. The project resulted in a reliable and efficient system which could distinguish between the weights of an arbitrary number of washers and in response sort them into a desired arrangement which was shown by a MatLab GUI at runtime. I narrated a short video to showcase the project here: https://youtu.be/f9yRaDn7Hp8. 

MovieFest Film Festival:
While at Clemson, I wrote, directed, and edited a short film for a film festival called MovieFest. I created a group, collaborated with friends, and we ultimately won honorable mention. The short film depicts a student who takes advantage of everyday technologies. Ironically, his insignificant choices have comically-unfortunate consequences as his peers confront his lacidaisical lifestyle and things turn from bad to worse. I remember my friends telling me it was one of the few times we did something fun outside of the rigor of homework, projects, and labs, and I felt as if I had visualized and created a moment for my friends. I value both the experience and the memory, and I hope you enjoy the video, too: https://youtu.be/DdFyWX_hRWY  

Neural Network Creative Inquiry:
I trained a neural network to detect cancer in samples of brain tissue. I wrote bash scripts to automate the Palmetto Super Cluster to train and test hundreds of neural networks on tissue sample datasets provided by the NIH using a variety of different splits of the training and testing data. The Palmetto Super Cluster is a distributed computing system that allows students to request compute time on Nvidia GPUs for computational research. The top GPUs were P100s at the time, and I used python's pythonauto gui library and bash shell scripts to call the remote service, request an arbitrary number of GPUs, and test neural networks that were trained with an arbitrary split of the train and test data or contained an arbitrary number of hidden layers, biases, and weights. I wrote a python script to define the proportion of images that would be used in the training vs test data before I had learned about python's scikit learn library which provides similar methods. By doing so, I would run tests while I slept on hundreds of GPUs in the cluster and would wake excitedly to the results. The neural networks were defined using tensorflow, and I was ultimately able to create a neural network that successfully detected cancer in a random sample of tissue (regardless of the type) with 95% accuracy. 


####
####

### Describe the tasks you see yourself doing as part of this position. I value good organization and attention to detail.
- Design casing for sensors and compute that attaches to robot: I own a Photon Mono X Wash & Cure 3D printer, and I have experience developing CAD designs with TinkerCad, and also with printing, configuring, and repairing 3D printers. I can create and share CAD models for custom casing for the sensors and compute that attaches to the robot and I would be more than happy to print them for prototyping and use.

- Choose and configure compute hardware: I imagine reading documentation and spec sheets for any and all compute hardware. In the past, I have relied on digikey, and products such as Nvidia Jestson, Raspberry Pis, and Arduinos to fuel my dreams and passion projects. I would be more than happy to research products, provide suggestions, integrate, configure, and troubleshoot hardware into any given system. I could order parts, measure and calculate power consumption, read and implement documentation, program and debug as tasks. It would be a joy that I would perform welcomingly. 

- Debug and test software and hardware integration: I imagine reading documentation to understand how to effectively program any microprocessor, microcontroller, or other larger scale system. I imagine using my reasoning skills to identify the root cause of a complex system. I imagine writing tests to assert the truthiness the current state of a software or hardware component. I would use voltmeters to test expected output voltages, and SPICE to simulate circuits. I imagine checking my work through testing, reviewing documentation to fill in knowledge gaps, and seeking feedback from communities when necessary.

- Write software (together with me): I would want to know and adopt to your style of writing software. This includes plenty of assertions while testing, long coding sessions if the occasion arrises, creating documentation, and co-working together on any and all software projects. I particularly enjoy Github to track and share code, and I am welcoming to new ideas and opportunities to improve. I have enjoyed hackathons with my friends in the past. We would work brainstorm what apps we wanted to build, and how we could do so. We would identify the process, partition the work, share findings or bugs as they arose, and generally have a good time. 

- Brainstorm robot video ideas: I'm inspired by both science fiction and music videos. As such, I enjoy visualizing music, editing shots to tell a narrative, and capturing features that showcase ability and drive excitement through film. I used to brainstorm videos for skateboarding sponsorships. My friends and I would talk about the different places we could visit and what tricks we would show. We would imagine different angles and music that was would play in the background. We would watch other skate videos for inspiration and then we would go create our own videos ourselves. Brainstorming different applications of the robot or videos to showcase the robot's abilities would be a creative outlet for me that I would productively enjoy. I've always been amazed by Spot and Atlas, and sharing what we've worked on with the world would be a dream come true.    

### Tell me why you want to work with me and how you can help make awesome stuff.

After listening to your podcasts and watching a few of your videos about who you are and what your lifestyle is through youtube, I believe you not unlike Joe Rogan, Elon Musk, Neil DeGrasse Tyson, and Dr. Michio Kaku, are one of the postive influences in the world today. You practice a lifestyle that promotes a growth mentality, and through your podcast I have discovered many other inspirational figures each with their own nuggets of wisdom. Through your podcast I've noticed small yet important lessons on how to better listen and ask questions without fear while engaging in thoughtful conversation. I believe you surround yourself with others who can through their experience bring value to your life, and I have been fortunate enough to have been shared this value through your podcasts. 

Likewise, I am living a growth-mindset lifestyle. I want to continue growing my mind, body, and passions by surrounding myself with people that challenge and bring out the best in me. Through exposure to your content, you've already done so. I am a quick learner who can write and debug software and hardware. I'm determined, friendly, helpful, adaptive, and willing to help. No task would be too big or small. I would simply be excited to get my hands dirty and dive deep into the guts of the software and hardware of any project. I honestly have an inner nerd that geeks out over building robots, robotic swarms, AI, and all things tech, pop-science, and science fiction. Over the last 20 years I've witnessed technology grow and develop from science fiction into a scientific reality. I want to bring that enthusiam to your projects as I assist in any priority and realize the magic and the lifestyle of bringing to life what is once imagination. I hope to invest in, synergize, and realize the opportunity to have fun while making some awesome stuff, sharing that opportunity with the world, and ultimately making and leaving the world a better place for future generations.   

Here is an example of how you should respond:

Suggestion 1:

“Why do you want to work at Lex?”

I want to build systems that excite, inspire, and make others think. Lex exists at the intersection of software precision and robotic expression, and that excites me. My dream is to build machines that make people feel—that fascinate and challenge perception. Whether through expressive movements, intelligent interactions, or cinematic storytelling, I want to contribute to a team that sees robots as more than utility—they are vessels for human connection, learning, and play. Lex makes robots with presence. And that resonates with me. I want to work where form meets function, where technology is alive, where robots are both real and magical.
Suggestion 2:

“Tell us about a time you had to learn something new very quickly to solve a problem.”

In my neural network cancer detection research, I faced a problem: I needed to automatically distribute, train, and evaluate hundreds of TensorFlow models on the Palmetto Supercluster without disrupting other jobs or exhausting the queue. I had never automated remote distributed training before. I didn’t know job schedulers. I didn’t even know how to parallelize the tests. But I did know how to read documentation, test ideas, and try until something worked. I stayed up, learned how SLURM queues worked, figured out how to launch arbitrary scripts, and wrote shell and Python code to make use of idle GPUs. I did it because I wanted to wake up to results. I did it because I believed that if I could multiply effort with code, I could move faster. And I did. From not knowing anything about job scheduling to using hundreds of GPUs overnight in one week. That experience taught me that resourcefulness isn't about having the answers—it's about chasing the right questions with focus and urgency.
Suggestion 3:

“How do you respond to failure?”

Failure is information. I’ve learned to see it that way—sometimes through frustration, but always with curiosity. When something breaks—hardware or code or communication—I ask: what is it trying to tell me? I think of failure like a resistor in a circuit. It doesn't stop the current, it shapes it. The senior design robot didn’t work for weeks. The electromagnet was too weak, the amplifier’s gain was too low, the rotation was off. We spent hours watching things fail. But every failure meant something: too much noise, wrong timing, not enough force. And each observation brought us closer. I think of failure as a mirror—it reflects what you don’t know yet. And when you accept that, the frustration fades. You start to listen. Then you solve.

